## React Bill Tracker

For this iteration of my application I used create-react-app to make a new project, and then rewrote the front-end code using React. I used React components to create each of my three pages, as well as reusable elements such as buttons and headers. I transitioned my Bootstrap styling from a3 by using the react-strap library, and experimented with many tables before settling on Material-UI's 'Enhanced Table' to use in my home page. 

I had a lot of issues with this project, especially compared to previous assignments. Converting my code to components was very easy, but I struggled when it came to passing data between functional, class, child, and parent components, converting my HTML-manipulation-heavy code for editing table information to JSX, and most of all hosting my project on Glitch. Although I put a lot of time in effort into hosting on either Glitch or Heroku, I could not manage to run on app on either with both a running front-end or back-end, despite countless tutorials and starter-projects. Therefore, to the grader I ask if you need to test my code, to please clone my repository and run my app using 'yarn start', which should start both the front and back end. I am terribly sorry for the inconvenience. I want to stress that my project is complete, I just could not upload it to a hosting site. If you would like to look at my non-working page on glitch, here is the link: https://a4-molly-wirtz-.glitch.me/. I also could not reimplement my GitHub OAuth, so please use my application using my signup/login functionality. 

In my experience the new technology DEFINITELY hindered the development process. Although I could see parts of React that could be useful (like the Router and reusable components), in the end learning an entire front-end framework to redo 3 week’s worth of work was overwhelming. However, I am glad I was able to learn it so that I can now apply it to other projects in the future.
